In this lecture, I will introduce you to test doubles
you have been using test doubles  throughout the mockito sections unknownly
Test doubles are common patterns that are used across the unit testing frameworks
Gerard Meszaros was working on a book
to comeup with these common patterns
and he named these patterns test doubles
The  best way to understand test doubles is by looking at stunt doubles
from which they derive their name.
The stunt double is a guy or a lady who acts as the main actor or the actoress
and they help comeup with great stunts and make a great movie.
SImilarly test doubles allow us to mockout the actual objects, they act as a stunt double
and they allow us to write great unit test
So the five famous test double patterns are Dummy, stubs,mocks, fake and spies
We have been using the Dummy, stubs, mocks already
I will explain in detail what they are
and also about fake and you will also implement a small test case that uses mockito spice later on
To summarize,
test doubles are nothing but design patterns that have to do with unit testing frameworks
they derive their name from stunt doubles they act as if they are real objects but they do
only do what we ask them to do allowing us to write great unit test
and there are five test doubles will explore these in a little more in the next  few lecturers.